# Providers

<!-- Generated file, do not edit directly. -->



The providers described below are propagated and required by various Swift
build rules. Clients interested in writing custom rules that interface
with the rules in this package should use these providers to communicate
with the Swift build rules as needed.

On this page:

  * [SwiftInfo](#SwiftInfo)
  * [SwiftToolchainInfo](#SwiftToolchainInfo)
  * [SwiftProtoInfo](#SwiftProtoInfo)
  * [SwiftUsageInfo](#SwiftUsageInfo)
<a name="SwiftInfo"></a>
## SwiftInfo

Contains information about the compiled artifacts of a Swift module.

This provider contains a large number of fields and many custom rules may not
need to set all of them. Instead of constructing a `SwiftInfo` provider
directly, consider using the `swift_common.create_swift_info` function, which
has reasonable defaults for any fields not explicitly set.

<table class="fields-table">
  <colgroup>
    <col class="col-field" />
    <col class="col-description" />
  </colgroup>
  <tbody>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.direct_defines">
      <td><code>direct_defines</code></td>
      <td><p><code>List</code> of <code>string</code>s. The values specified by the <code>defines</code> attribute of the
library that directly propagated this provider.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.direct_modules">
      <td><code>direct_modules</code></td>
      <td><p><code>List</code> of values returned from <code>swift_common.create_module</code>. The modules (both
Swift and C/Objective-C) emitted by the library that propagated this provider.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.direct_swiftdocs">
      <td><code>direct_swiftdocs</code></td>
      <td><p><code>List</code> of <code>File</code>s. The Swift documentation (<code>.swiftdoc</code>) files for the library
that directly propagated this provider.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.direct_swiftmodules">
      <td><code>direct_swiftmodules</code></td>
      <td><p><code>List</code> of <code>File</code>s. The Swift modules (<code>.swiftmodule</code>) for the library that
directly propagated this provider.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.module_name">
      <td><code>module_name</code></td>
      <td><p><code>String</code>. The name of the Swift module represented by the target that directly
propagated this provider.</p>
<p>This field will be equal to the explicitly assigned module name (if present);
otherwise, it will be equal to the autogenerated module name.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.swift_version">
      <td><code>swift_version</code></td>
      <td><p><code>String</code>. The version of the Swift language that was used when compiling the
propagating target; that is, the value passed via the <code>-swift-version</code> compiler
flag. This will be <code>None</code> if the flag was not set.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.transitive_defines">
      <td><code>transitive_defines</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Depset</code> of <code>string</code>s. The transitive <code>defines</code> specified for the library that
propagated this provider and all of its dependencies.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.transitive_generated_headers">
      <td><code>transitive_generated_headers</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Depset</code> of <code>File</code>s. The transitive generated header files that can be used by
Objective-C sources to interop with the transitive Swift libraries.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.transitive_modulemaps">
      <td><code>transitive_modulemaps</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Depset</code> of <code>File</code>s. The transitive module map files that will be passed to
Clang using the <code>-fmodule-map-file</code> option.</p>
<p>This field is deprecated; use <code>transitive_modules</code> instead.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.transitive_modules">
      <td><code>transitive_modules</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Depset</code> of values returned from <code>swift_common.create_module</code>. The transitive
modules (both Swift and C/Objective-C) emitted by the library that propagated
this provider and all of its dependencies.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.transitive_swiftdocs">
      <td><code>transitive_swiftdocs</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Depset</code> of <code>File</code>s. The transitive Swift documentation (<code>.swiftdoc</code>) files
emitted by the library that propagated this provider and all of its
dependencies.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.transitive_swiftinterfaces">
      <td><code>transitive_swiftinterfaces</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Depset</code> of <code>File</code>s. The transitive Swift interface (<code>.swiftinterface</code>) files
emitted by the library that propagated this provider and all of its
dependencies.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftInfo.transitive_swiftmodules">
      <td><code>transitive_swiftmodules</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Depset</code> of <code>File</code>s. The transitive Swift modules (<code>.swiftmodule</code>) emitted by
the library that propagated this provider and all of its dependencies.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


<a name="SwiftToolchainInfo"></a>
## SwiftToolchainInfo

Propagates information about a Swift toolchain to compilation and linking rules
that use the toolchain.

<table class="fields-table">
  <colgroup>
    <col class="col-field" />
    <col class="col-description" />
  </colgroup>
  <tbody>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.action_configs">
      <td><code>action_configs</code></td>
      <td><p>This field is an internal implementation detail of the build rules.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.all_files">
      <td><code>all_files</code></td>
      <td><p>A <code>depset</code> of <code>File</code>s containing all the Swift toolchain files (tools,
libraries, and other resource files) so they can be passed as <code>tools</code> to actions
using this toolchain.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.cc_toolchain_info">
      <td><code>cc_toolchain_info</code></td>
      <td><p>The <code>cc_common.CcToolchainInfo</code> provider from the Bazel C++ toolchain that this
Swift toolchain depends on.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.command_line_copts">
      <td><code>command_line_copts</code></td>
      <td><p><code>List</code> of <code>strings</code>. Flags that were passed to Bazel using the <code>--swiftcopt</code>
command line flag. These flags have the highest precedence; they are added to
compilation command lines after the toolchain default flags
(<code>SwiftToolchainInfo.swiftc_copts</code>) and after flags specified in the <code>copts</code>
attributes of Swift targets.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.cpu">
      <td><code>cpu</code></td>
      <td><p><code>String</code>. The CPU architecture that the toolchain is targeting.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.linker_opts_producer">
      <td><code>linker_opts_producer</code></td>
      <td><p>Skylib <code>partial</code>. A partial function that returns the flags that should be
passed to Clang to link a binary or test target with the Swift runtime
libraries.</p>
<p>The partial should be called with two arguments:</p>
<ul>
<li><code>is_static</code>: A <code>Boolean</code> value indicating whether to link against the static
or dynamic runtime libraries.</li>
<li><code>is_test</code>: A <code>Boolean</code> value indicating whether the target being linked is a
test target.</li>
</ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.object_format">
      <td><code>object_format</code></td>
      <td><p><code>String</code>. The object file format of the platform that the toolchain is
targeting. The currently supported values are <code>"elf"</code> and <code>"macho"</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.optional_implicit_deps">
      <td><code>optional_implicit_deps</code></td>
      <td><p><code>List</code> of <code>Target</code>s. Library targets that should be added as implicit
dependencies of any <code>swift_library</code>, <code>swift_binary</code>, or <code>swift_test</code> target that
does not have the feature <code>swift.minimal_deps</code> applied.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.requested_features">
      <td><code>requested_features</code></td>
      <td><p><code>List</code> of <code>string</code>s. Features that should be implicitly enabled by default for
targets built using this toolchain, unless overridden by the user by listing
their negation in the <code>features</code> attribute of a target/package or in the
<code>--features</code> command line flag.</p>
<p>These features determine various compilation and debugging behaviors of the
Swift build rules, and they are also passed to the C++ APIs used when linking
(so features defined in CROSSTOOL may be used here).</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.required_implicit_deps">
      <td><code>required_implicit_deps</code></td>
      <td><p><code>List</code> of <code>Target</code>s. Library targets that should be unconditionally added as
implicit dependencies of any <code>swift_library</code>, <code>swift_binary</code>, or <code>swift_test</code>
target.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.root_dir">
      <td><code>root_dir</code></td>
      <td><p><code>String</code>. The workspace-relative root directory of the toolchain.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.supports_objc_interop">
      <td><code>supports_objc_interop</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Boolean</code>. Indicates whether or not the toolchain supports Objective-C interop.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.swift_worker">
      <td><code>swift_worker</code></td>
      <td><p><code>File</code>. The executable representing the worker executable used to invoke the
compiler and other Swift tools (for both incremental and non-incremental
compiles).</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.system_name">
      <td><code>system_name</code></td>
      <td><p><code>String</code>. The name of the operating system that the toolchain is targeting.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.test_configuration">
      <td><code>test_configuration</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Struct</code> containing two fields:</p>
<ul>
<li><code>env</code>: A <code>dict</code> of environment variables to be set when running tests
that were built with this toolchain.</li>
<li><code>execution_requirements</code>: A <code>dict</code> of execution requirements for tests
that were built with this toolchain.</li>
</ul>
<p>This is used, for example, with Xcode-based toolchains to ensure that the
<code>xctest</code> helper and coverage tools are found in the correct developer
directory when running tests.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.tool_configs">
      <td><code>tool_configs</code></td>
      <td><p>This field is an internal implementation detail of the build rules.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftToolchainInfo.unsupported_features">
      <td><code>unsupported_features</code></td>
      <td><p><code>List</code> of <code>string</code>s. Features that should be implicitly disabled by default for
targets built using this toolchain, unless overridden by the user by listing
them in the <code>features</code> attribute of a target/package or in the <code>--features</code>
command line flag.</p>
<p>These features determine various compilation and debugging behaviors of the
Swift build rules, and they are also passed to the C++ APIs used when linking
(so features defined in CROSSTOOL may be used here).</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


<a name="SwiftProtoInfo"></a>
## SwiftProtoInfo

Propagates Swift-specific information about a `proto_library`.

<table class="fields-table">
  <colgroup>
    <col class="col-field" />
    <col class="col-description" />
  </colgroup>
  <tbody>
    <tr id="SwiftProtoInfo.module_mappings">
      <td><code>module_mappings</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Sequence</code> of <code>struct</code>s. Each struct contains <code>module_name</code> and
<code>proto_file_paths</code> fields that denote the transitive mappings from <code>.proto</code>
files to Swift modules. This allows messages that reference messages in other
libraries to import those modules in generated code.</p></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="SwiftProtoInfo.pbswift_files">
      <td><code>pbswift_files</code></td>
      <td><p><code>Depset</code> of <code>File</code>s. The transitive Swift source files (<code>.pb.swift</code>) generated
from the <code>.proto</code> files.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


<a name="SwiftUsageInfo"></a>
## SwiftUsageInfo

A provider that indicates that Swift was used by a target or any target that it
depends on, and specifically which toolchain was used.

<table class="fields-table">
  <colgroup>
    <col class="col-field" />
    <col class="col-description" />
  </colgroup>
  <tbody>
    <tr id="SwiftUsageInfo.toolchain">
      <td><code>toolchain</code></td>
      <td><p>The Swift toolchain that was used to build the targets propagating this
provider.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

